Template handling doc
========================

### template_handling.js
This class takes in a script file (`experiment.json`), a bunch of snippets (`elements.json`), and a general template (`template.html`) and is able to generate an HTML output for every step described in the script file.
+ `utils`: this section extends the `String` model to add relevant functionalities (for replacing text in templates)
+ `reads`: this section uses nodeJS async `readFile` to get the required data from external files
+ `logic`: this section takes care of replacing each `section` of the template, see `template.html` documentation below.
  + `fillTemplate(template, elements, data)`: this function uses an HTML template (argument 1, equivalent to `template.html`), a json key:value array of snippets (argument 2, equivalent to `elements.json`), and a bunch of data describing the state of the experiment to generate (argument 3, equivalent to an element of the script array `experiment.json`). It returns an HTML string.
+ `debug`: this section demoes how to use the `fillTemplate()` function

### template.html
This HTML page represents the general structure of a step of the experiment. Each section that is meant to change throughout the experiment is identified by a bracketed text (eg. {section_name}). The content of these sections is defined punctually in the script array (see `experiment.json` documentation below) or as a default text / substructure in the snippets file (see `elements.json` documentation below)

### elements.json
This json list gives a list of snippets to be used for replacing sections in the template (see `template.html` documentation above) or within other snippets (from the script array or this snippets list).
All snippets fall behind data from the script file. This means that if a section to be replaced is not defined in the script, it will default to the definition found in the snippets.

### experiment.json
This json array lists the data to be used for every step of the experiment. Every time the template `template.html` is interpreted, a new element of this array is used to replace the sections in order to get the proper output.
All data from this script file takes precedence over the snippets. This means that if a section to be replaced is not defined here, it will default to the definition found in the snippets.

### output.html
This is the HTML generated by the `debug` section of `template_handling.js`. All steps of the experiment script `experiment.json` are concatenated into one file for clarity.
